Editing is a growing field of work in the service industry. 
Paid editing services may be provided by specialized editing firms or by self-employed (freelance) editors. 
Editing firms may employ a team of in-house editors, rely on a network of individual contractors or both. 
Such firms are able to handle editing in a wide range of topics and genres, depending on the skills of individual editors. 
The services provided by these editors may be varied and can include proofreading, copy editing, online editing, developmental editing, editing for search engine optimization, and more.
Business casual is an ambiguously defined dress code that has been adopted by many professional and white-collar workplaces in Western countries. 
It entails neat yet casual attire and is generally more casual than informal attire but more formal than casual or smart casual attire. 
Casual Fridays preceded widespread acceptance of business casual attire in many offices.
Every person who owned a security faced the problem of finding interested buyers who might consider the purchase of a debt-free investment.
This meant most people were somewhat slow in investing in stocks and bonds because these securities could not readily be converted into money.
We have been told that an interesting number of traders and merchants agreed to try to do something to help correct the situation. 
At this first crucial meeting, they decided that it was a good idea to visit regularly on a daily basis to buy and sell securities. 
A data entry clerk is a member of staff employed to enter or update data into a computer system. Data is often entered into a computer from paper documents using a keyboard. 
The keyboards used can often have special keys and multiple colors to help in the task and speed up the work. 
Proper ergonomics at the workstation is a common topic considered. 
The Data Entry Clerk may also use a mouse, and a manually-fed scanner may be involved. 
Because of the laboriousness of the translation process, efforts have been made, with varying degrees of success, to automate translation or to mechanically aid the human translator. 
More recently, the rise of the Internet has fostered a world-wide market for translation services and has facilitated "language localization". 
Ideally, the translator must know both languages, as well as the subject that is to be translated.
